[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you an action horror
film train to busan
part 2 peninsula spoiler ahead
watch out and take care the zombie virus
has been spreading across south korea
soldier young drives a truck with his
sister's family to escape to japan
where they believe there are no zombies
on the way
they encounter a family of two who try
to stop them for a ride to escape the
goddamn place
knowing she could be treated as the
virus carrier and get refused by them
the panicked mother begs jung to take
her daughter only to a safe place
in fear of any possible infected
strangers jung refuses to take her in
and continues his journey despite his
feeling guilty for that
jung and his sister's family
successfully board on a cruise
which is supposed to birth in japan but
will travel to hong kong now
jung goes to ask for the reason why the
crew suddenly changes its original route
on his way back he's astonished to find
people in the whole cabin
are affected by the zombie virus what's
worse
his sister is unwilling to leave her
affected son and thus get affected
with everyone turned into zombies jung
and his brother-in-law troll managed to
survive
it's revealed that in fear of any
infected no country is willing to take
the refugees from south korea
which is abandoned and isolated by the
rest of the world
four years later jung and cho live a
horrible low standard of life in hong
kong
were tagged with the name peninsula
people and virus carriers
they have to suffer discrimination from
the local community
gangsters find them someday and ask them
to help find some lost treasure in the
zombified south korea
the gangster says that he left a truck
loaded with 20 million dollars there
and is willing to pay young 2.5 million
dollars
if he can find the truck attracted by
the huge amount of money
troll is all up to the mission straight
away jung however
will never want to go back to the zombie
hell for he believes that it's a journey
with no return
however convinced by troll that the
rewards could bring them the dignity and
decency they long for
jung puts his worries away and decides
to take the mission
the gangsters later send jung and troll
to inch on port
together with two koreans who also join
the journey for money
the gangsters promise to ship them back
to hong kong once they find the money
truck
and drive it back to the port zombies
stay inactive at night
and can discover the human targets only
by hearing
so as long as they keep quiet they are
safe
carefully walking on the ruined streets
of this former glorious city
the team sees racked buildings
everywhere haunted with zombie crowd
and some graffiti on the ground saying
here are the people god forgets
soon the team jumps in an abandoned car
they find and start their search around
the city
not long after that they find the
targeted truck with money
but someone honks the horn by mistake
while trying to drive the truck in a
hurry
attacked by the horn tons of zombies
come to chase them
the team manages to escape from the
zombies and starts to dream about being
rich after this
however many flame bombs just come out
of nowhere
and illuminate the night allowing the
zombies to target the human survivors
more easily
running through the obstacles the truck
crashes and is forced to stop
the two koreans are killed by rampaging
zombies immediately
troll hides into the truck container
during the chaos while jung stays
outside gunning the coming zombies
unfortunately the bullets run out soon
and zombies are swarming into young
right at that critical moment a young
girl shows up in a truck
and saves jung from the ongoing attack
they fight their way through the zombie
crowd and kill many zombies
after an intense chase they have to stop
before a bridge
which is blocked by tons of zombies
while the girl is bewildered by the
current situation
her little sister sends out a remote
controlled toy car
whose music and light attract the
rampaging zombies away
the girl takes the mere chance and
rushes out immediately
jung falls unconscious due to the speedy
bumping ride
and awakes in a strange hideout where
the girl and her family take shelter
from the zombies
young is surprised to find that he's
offered help by the mother and daughter
who pleaded for his help four years ago
the hiding family feel released
when they find out young is from hong
kong rather than unit 631
which is a larger group led by private
kim and captain sayo
who used to be soldiers of the
government but now become ruthless
criminals
and will do anything for survival there
it's revealed that unit 631 stopped the
money truck with flame bombs earlier
and drive it back to their compound
they find the hiding troll and imprison
him to be one of the entertaining
fighters
who are forced to fight with zombies
that are kept in the compound for
amusement purpose
troll survives after his first fight but
almost loses his mind
captain sayo later finds the money from
the truck and promises to take the money
to the port for the gangsters
in exchange for his leaving the
zombified peninsula
at the same time jung tells the mother
about his mission and they decide to
take the money back
which is the only ticket to leave the
zombified world
the grandpa however keeps saying he
contacts the un army to save them
but the rest believe that it's only his
imagination
at nightfall they set out in their car
and come all the way to the compound
jung and the mother sneak inside and
later locate the money truck
upon learning that troll is still alive
they decide to rescue him out
jung comes to the fighting arena and
shoots open the gate setting free troll
but the enslaved zombies as well the two
have to run for life from the chasing
zombies and the coming soldiers
during the chaos troll takes a bullet
and dies for jung
private kim points his gun at jung again
and is about to kill him
the mother drives the money truck
towards private kim and saves jung
they rushed through the zombie crowd and
managed to flee out of the compound
numerous unit 631 soldiers led by
private kim
chase after them while the soldiers
tightly follow the truck
the mother turns on the lights at the
cars chasing behind
tricking tons of zombies to attack the
chasing cars
however private kim is lucky to survive
the attack
he then follows the same way and bans
all his remaining men
to lift their front lights at the money
truck leading numerous zombies towards
them
jung however shoots the windows of the
nearby buildings
releasing more and more zombies to fall
from above
private kim runs into the zombie bodies
and gets killed
jung and the other four people's
excitement of escaping is smashed soon
when captain sayo rams his car into
theirs
captain sayo holds the mother as a
hostage in exchange for the money truck
during the confrontation the grandpa
gets shot for protecting the little girl
and captain sayo drives away the money
truck leaving the remaining four there
in despair
captain sayo drives the money truck to
the ship in inchon port
where he's supposed to complete the deal
with the gangsters and escape the
zombified world forever
but it turns out he's shot by the
gangsters before he dies
captain sayo reverses the truck to
prevent the cargo gate from closing
allowing the zombies outside to enter
and kill everyone inside the ship
while seeing the zombie swarm into the
ship jung and the rest feel lucky
but disappointed at the same time but
their last hope is gone
and no one knows what lies in the future
after the grandpa dies from his wounds
the remaining four spot a united nations
helicopter
their fire of hope lit up again the
mother
volunteers to stay behind to stop the
coming zombies
and asking again to take the girls to a
safe place
unwilling to part away with her mother
the daughter threatens the un troops
with a gun
to not leave her mom behind recalling
the loss of his sister's family
and feeling guilty for not helping the
mother four years ago
jung couldn't bear to leave the mom
helpless again
he risks his life to rescue her in their
joint effort they fight their way
and bore the helicopter successfully
which flies away from the zombified
peninsula
with many unknown human survivors left
behind
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out